CloudWatch is a service that monitors resources and applications that run on AWS.
There are several useful features like collecting and tracking metrics,
collecting and monitoring log files,
setting alarms and creating triggers to run your AWS resources,
and reacting to changes in your AWS resources.
The ability to review log files is
crucial during the development and support of applications.
I routinely use CloudWatch logs written from my lambda functions,
to diagnose issues and monitor application flow.
I've also use CloudWatch as a trigger for my lambda functions,
causing a lambda to run on a given schedule.
CloudWatch is a flexible and powerful tool that provides several options.